Numark Party Mix: added initial mapping doc (#479)
mixxxdj/manual: source/hardware/controllers/numark_party_mix.rst

Numark Party Mix
================

`Manufacturer's product page <https://www.numark.com/product/party-mix>`_ · `Manufacturer's user manual <https://www.numark.com/images/product_downloads/Party_Mix_-_User_Guide_-_v1.1.pdf>`_ · `Forum thread <https://mixxx.discourse.group/t/numark-party-mix-midi-mapping/16712>`_

> .. versionadded:: 2.3.2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. versionadded:: 2.3.3
```

Author: fixed in commit

Overview
--------

> .. figure:: ../../_static/controllers/numark_party_mix.png

Reviewer: where did you get this picture from? We can't rip pictures straight from the hardwares manual because the manufacturer has the copyright over the picture.

Author: made one myself now

Numark Party Mix
================

`Manufacturer's product page <https://www.numark.com/product/party-mix>`_ · `Manufacturer's user manual <https://www.numark.com/images/product_downloads/Party_Mix_-_User_Guide_-_v1.1.pdf>`_ · `Forum thread <https://mixxx.discourse.group/t/numark-party-mix-midi-mapping/16712>`_

> .. versionadded:: 2.3.3

Author: yes pre-commit passed for the files added by my commit.

Overview
--------

.. figure:: ../../_static/controllers/numark_party_mix.svg
   :align: center
   :width: 100%
   :figwidth: 100%
   :alt: Numark Party Mix
   :figclass: pretty-figures

See the tables below for controls descriptions.

Center
------

..

.. csv-table::
   :header: "#", "Name", "Function"
   :widths: 5 25 70

   "1", ":hwlabel:`BROWSE` (rotate)", "Browse library"

>    "1", ":hwlabel:`BROWSE` (press+rotate)", "switch between Library and Sidebar"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   "1", ":hwlabel:`BROWSE` (press+rotate)", "switch between Sidebar, Library and Searchbar"
```

Author: @ronso0 this is not the case on 2.3.2

Author: but maybe it will be on 2.3.3?

Reviewer 2: oh, yes, didn't use 2.3 lately : ) 
Though, that is partially true: the **empty** searchbar can not be focused.
As soon as some text is typed the **Clear** button is displayed which can be focused (and triggered with Browse push.

You're right, let's leave it as it is, users will figure that out themselves

>    "1", ":hwlabel:`BROWSE` (press)", "Equivalent to double clicking the currently selected item in Library (GoToItem function)"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   "1", ":hwlabel:`BROWSE` (press)", "Equivalent to double clicking the currently selected item in Library (see :mixxx:coref:`GoToItem<[Library],GoToItem>` control)"
```

   "2", ":hwlabel:`LOAD` 1 and 2", "load currently selected track to Deck 1 or 2"
   "3",  ":hwlabel:`MASTER GAIN`", "Adjust the volume level of :term:`master output`."

>    "4",  ":hwlabel:`CUE MIX`", ":term:`Head/mix knob<Head/mix button>`. Adjust the audio output to the headphones, mixing between the cue output and the main mix output"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   "4",  ":hwlabel:`CUE MIX`", ":term:`Head/mix knob<Head/mix button>`. Adjust the cue/main mix in the headphone output."
```
https://manual.mixxx.org/2.4/en/chapters/appendix/mixxx_controls.html#control-[Master]-headMix

.. versionadded:: 2.3.3

Overview
--------

.. figure:: ../../_static/controllers/numark_party_mix.svg
   :align: center
   :width: 100%
   :figwidth: 100%
   :alt: Numark Party Mix
   :figclass: pretty-figures

See the tables below for controls descriptions.

Center
------

..

.. csv-table::
   :header: "#", "Name", "Function"
   :widths: 5 25 70

   "1", ":hwlabel:`BROWSE` (rotate)", "Browse library"
   "1", ":hwlabel:`BROWSE` (press+rotate)", "switch between Library and Sidebar"
   "1", ":hwlabel:`BROWSE` (press)", "Equivalent to double clicking the currently selected item in Library (see :mixxx:coref:`GoToItem<[Library],GoToItem>` control)"
   "2", ":hwlabel:`LOAD` 1 and 2", "load currently selected track to Deck 1 or 2"
   "3",  ":hwlabel:`MASTER GAIN`", "Adjust the volume level of :term:`master output`."
   "4",  ":hwlabel:`CUE MIX`", ":term:`Head/mix knob<Head/mix button>`. Adjust the cue/main mix in the headphone output."
   "5",  ":hwlabel:`CUE GAIN`", "Adjust the headphone volume"

>    "10", ":hwlabel:`Crossfader`", "Controls the mix between the two decks"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   "10", ":hwlabel:`Crossfader`", "Controls the mix between the two decks. See :ref:`interface-crossfader`"
```

   "11", ":hwlabel:`CUE`", ":term:`Headphone button`. Toggle sending channel to the cue (headphone) channel"
   "12", ":hwlabel:`Jog wheel`", "If scratch mode is enabled (see the :hwlabel:`SCRATCH` button below): scratch

   If scratch mode is disabled: pitch bend

   The behavior of the jog wheel can be fine-tuned, see the :ref:`Adjustable values<numark_party_mix_adjustable>` section."
   "13", ":hwlabel:`SCRATCH`", "Toggle scratch mode. Disabled by default."
   "14", ":hwlabel:`Pitch fader`", "Adjust the speed of the track"
   "15", ":hwlabel:`SYNC`", "If sync lock is disabled: set BPM to the other deck's BPM

   If sync lock is enabled: disable sync lock"
   "15", ":hwlabel:`SYNC` (hold, then release)", "Enable :term:`sync lock`"
   "16", ":hwlabel:`CUE`", "If track is playing: stops the track and resets position to the main cue point

   If playback is stopped: sets the main cue point"
   "16", ":hwlabel:`CUE` (hold)", "Play the track from main cue point, release to stop playback and return to the main cue point. Playback must be initially stopped on the main cue point."
   "17", ":hwlabel:`Play/Pause`", "Play/pause playback"

> 

Reviewer: The blank line results in a gap in the rendered table
```suggestion
```

   "18", ":hwlabel:`PADS 1-4`", "Pads 1-4 function depends on selected mode"
   "19", ":hwlabel:`PAD MODE`", "Select mode of :hwlabel:`PADS 1-4`"
   "20", ":hwlabel:`MODE LEDs`", "The 4 pads in each deck have multiple functions, depending on the selected *pad mode*. Default pad mode is *hotcues*. Current mode is selected by pressing :hwlabel:`PAD MODE`. The LED for currently active pad mode is lit up (or all 3 LEDs for effect mode)."

.. hint::

>    The actual behavior of CUE and Play/Pause buttons depends on Mixxx settings. See :doc:`../../chapters/user_interface` for more info.

Reviewer: Link to right paragraph directly to avoid causing confusion. 
```suggestion
   The actual behavior of CUE and Play/Pause buttons depends on Mixxx settings. See :ref:`interface-cue-modes` for more info.
```

Pads
----

.. csv-table::
   :header: "#", "Name", "Function"
   :widths: 5 25 70

   "18", ":hwlabel:`CUE Mode`", "set hotcue if not set. If set, go to hotcue position and start playback.

   Pad lights indicate if a particular hotcue is set or not."
   "18", ":hwlabel:`LOOP Mode`", "activate auto-loop. 
   
   Default auto-loop sizes are: 4, 8, 16, 32. Loop sizes can be adjusted, see the :ref:`Adjustable values<numark_party_mix_adjustable>` section."
   "18", ":hwlabel:`SAMPLER Mode`", "button for 4 Samples for each Deck 1-4 and 5-8 (toggle play from start and stop)."
   "18", ":hwlabel:`EFFECT Mode`", "Pad 1-3 activates effect during press Deck1 of EffectUnit1, Deck2 of EffectUnit2.

>    Pad 4 switches mix mode. Pad light on indicates Dry/Wet mode. Pad Light off indicates Dry+Wet mode."

Reviewer: just leaving this as a TODO here since we're currently discussing whether this still applies.
